
VP,  completed his Philosophy undergrad studies at the University of Lisbon in 2003, followed by a Masters at the same university on Analitic Philosophy in 2007. Is Researcher in University of Lisbon. Published 1 articles in journals. Has 3 books chapters. Has published 4 papers in conference proceedings with scientific refereeing. Between 2011 and 2021 participated in 4 international research projects and 4 national research projects and already participating in two another international research projects, one allegedly to be completed by 2022, the other international research project starting by October 3rd, the EEGManyPipelines project https://www.eegmanypipelines.org/registratio. Works in the area(s) of Social Sciences with emphasis on Psychology, Exact Sciences with emphasis on Computer and Information Sciences, Humanities with emphasis on Other Humanities, Social Sciences with emphasis on Other Social Sciences, Medical and Health Sciences with emphasis on Other Medical Sciences, Medical and Health Sciences with emphasis on Basic Medicine with emphasis on Pharmacology and Pharmacy. 
Namely, exemplified by the review of about 1600 articles related to the Covid-19 vaccine (the deadline for the required responses had to be less than five working days, because it had  to be!), Research Study Prediction Market for COVID-19 Preprints in which VP participated for four weeks, a substantial part of them were preprints because some of the articles had already  been published. 
This research is supported (in part) by the Fetzer Franklin Fund of the John E. Fetzer Memorial Trust. It uses a platform developed for Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), Pentagon. 
Systematizing Confidence in Open Research and Evidence (SCORE).

Works in the area(s) of Medical and Health Sciences with emphasis on Basic Medicine with emphasis on Neurosciences, Exact Sciences with emphasis on Physical Sciences, Exact Sciences with emphasis on Mathematics with emphasis on Statistics and Probability, Exact Sciences and Engineering and Technology with emphasis on Electrotechnical Engineering, Electronics and Informatics with emphasis on Robotics and Automatic Control. In their professional activities interacted with 51 collaborator(s) co-authorship of scientific papers. His areas of interest include Philosophy of Language and Semantics, Metaphysics and Foundations of Cognitive Science. In his curriculum the most frequent terms in the context of scientific, technological and artistic-cultural output are: property, intentionality, metacontrast, pattern recognition, neuroscience, concept, illusion, contingency, event-related brain potentials, analogy, paracontrast, access, emotion, artificial intelligence, sensation, cognitive science, correlates, invisibility, phenomenology, mental states, phenomenal, consciousness, unconsciousness, attention, electrophysiology, Total Turing test, life, Higher-order theories of consciousness, identity.

